# Business Mapping Resource

Business Mapping is an activity that allows you to map your cloud cost and usage to custom dimensions and custom metrics that are important to report on within your organization.
This resource maps to BUSINESS_METRIC Business Mapping.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "cloudability_business_metric" "test" {
	name = "Cost (Surcharge) %s"
	number_format = "number"
	default_value_expression = "METRIC['unblended_cost']"
	statement {
		match_expression = "DIMENSION['vendor'] == 'Amazon' || DIMENSION['vendor'] == 'Azure'"
		value_expression = "METRIC['unblended_cost'] * 1.15"
	}

	lifecycle {
		ignore_changes = [
			default_value_expression,
		  	default_value
		]
	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) Name for the Business Dimension/Metric.
* `default_value` - (Optional) If no rule matches then take the value resolved by this expression as the fall back value.
* `statement` - (Optional) List of statements

## Attribute Reference

* `index` - An integer value representing the ID for the Business Metric.
* `name` - The name field indicates the unique identifier for the Business Metric values generated by the Business Mapping statement rules you have defined.
* `number_format` -  In addition to a name, the custom metric you create will be evaluated to a number and surfaced as "currency" or a regular decimal "number".
* `default_value` - If there are no matches for the statements defined, this is the fall back value.
* `pre_match_expression` - The preMatchExpression represents a centralized/global expression which is evaluated before all other defined expressions contained within statements section; It can be left empty (without a defined expression) when creating a Business Metric; if left empty, it will be omitted from the response.
* `statement` -  List of statement objects.
* `updated_at` - Datetime the item was updated.
